README.md, before:


# 📝 Notes-App

A simple and responsive web-based notes application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This app allows users to create, view, edit, pin, and delete notes — perfect for jotting down quick ideas, to-dos, or reminders.

---

## 📌 Features

✅ **Create Notes**  
Type your note in the input field and click the "Create Note" button to add it to the list.

✏️ **Edit Notes**  
Click the "Edit" button on a note to update its content in place.

📌 **Pin Important Notes**  
Pin your favorite or most important notes to the top so they stay visible.

🗑️ **Delete Notes**  
Each note includes a delete button. Click it to remove the note instantly.

💡 **Instant Updates**  
Notes appear immediately on the screen after creation — no reload required.

🧠 **Persistent Storage**  
All notes are saved in your browser’s local storage so they remain even after a refresh or reopening the app.

🎨 **Theme Toggle (Light/Dark Mode)**  
Switch between light and dark themes with a single click using the lamp icon in the corner.

🌐 **Lightweight & Fast**  
No external libraries — pure HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

---

## 💻 Usage

To use the Notes-App:

1. Clone or download this repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/matifelitti/notes-app.git
   ```

Commit message:

new enhacementsfeatures: dark-mode, pin notes, local storage

README.md, after:

# 📝 Notes-App

A simple and responsive web-based notes application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This app allows users to create, view, edit, pin, and delete notes — perfect for jotting down quick ideas, to-dos, or reminders.

---

## 📌 Features

> > > > > > > d69877d (new enhacementsfeatures: dark-mode, pin notes, local storage)
> > > > > > > ✅ **Create Notes**  
> > > > > > > Type your note in the input field and click the "Create Note" button to add it to the list.

✏️ **Edit Notes**  
Click the "Edit" button on a note to update its content in place.

📌 **Pin Important Notes**  
Pin your favorite or most important notes to the top so they stay visible.

🗑️ **Delete Notes**  
Each note includes a delete button. Click it to remove the note instantly.

💡 **Instant Updates**  
Notes appear immediately on the screen after creation — no reload required.

🧠 **Persistent Storage**  
All notes are saved in your browser’s local storage so they remain even after a refresh or reopening the app.

🎨 **Theme Toggle (Light/Dark Mode)**  
Switch between light and dark themes with a single click using the lamp icon in the corner.

🌐 **Lightweight & Fast**  
No external libraries — pure HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

---

## 💻 Usage

To use the Notes-App:

1. Clone or download this repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/matifelitti/notes-app.git
   ```
